README.md, before:

# React Exercises/Projects
React Exercises from various projects/courses


### Chat Windows
A simple React exercise which demos a rudimentary 2 person chat app with preset usernames.
User can enter text in either chat window and it will be reflected as chat messages from one of the 2 people.

`React`



### Reading Bookshelf
A React exercise that displays a bookshelf for a user (i.e. me) with 3 shelves:
* Currently Reading - Books I'm currently reading
* Want to read - Books I'd like to read
* Read - Books I've already read
Searching for new books can be done with the **+** button on the bottom right. 

`React`



### Twatter
A React-Redux exercise which demos a rudimentary Twitter clone. Utilises React-Router. 
Users can add tweets, reply to tweets and like tweets. Twatter data served locally with no backend calls.

`React-Redux`



### Would You Rather
A React-Redux exercise which allows users to create & answer either/or questions (i.e. choose option 1 or 2). 
Choose from one of 3 usernames at the start (required). Once logged in, users will have preloaded questions they have and haven't answered
Users can also add new questions with their corresponding answer options. A leaderboard is available to show which user has in total the most questions asked & answered.

`React-Redux`

Commit message:

docs: update projects technology used
Add more accurate technologies used for each project
Add table for Reading Bookshelf for clarity of the shelves and purpose

README.md, after:

# React Exercises/Projects
React Exercises from various projects/courses


### Chat Windows
A simple React exercise which demos a rudimentary 2 person chat app with preset usernames.
User can enter text in either chat window and it will be reflected as chat messages from one of the 2 people.

Uses: `React`



### Reading Bookshelf
A React exercise that displays a bookshelf for a user (i.e. me) with 3 shelves:

Shelf | Purpose
:---|:---
Currently Reading | Books I'm currently reading
Want to read | Books I'd like to read
Read | Books I've already read

Searching for new books can be done with the `+` button on the bottom right. 


Uses: `React` `React-Router`



### Twatter
A React-Redux exercise which demos a rudimentary Twitter clone. Utilises React-Router. 
Users can add tweets, reply to tweets and like tweets. Twatter data served locally with no backend calls.

Uses: `React` `React-Redux` `React-Router`



### Would You Rather
A React-Redux exercise which allows users to create & answer either/or questions (i.e. choose option 1 or 2). 
Choose from one of 3 usernames at the start (required). Once logged in, users will have preloaded questions they have and haven't answered
Users can also add new questions with their corresponding answer options. A leaderboard is available to show which user has in total the most questions asked & answered.

Uses: `React` `React-Redux` `React-Router`
